
My eyes sparkled.
I couldn't move, I couldn't wait for the sight to shock me.
Summer sun shines through many windows.
After a while I heard a voice and looked up.
But when I sat down, my heart started pounding and I took off my shirt.


Well...here's the 2D version.
,


I ran, put my hands on my chest and tried to catch my breath.
He crossed the line.
After a few minutes I decided to rest and do something else.


What should I do now?


I tried to organize my thoughts and collect my thoughts. I also thought of something.


That's right: I had to do it in 3D!
Avoid ambushes like other players!
I can too!


I decided to leave this 2D reality and go back to 3D reality.
I got up and tried to explore the 3D world.


But ... together we can do anything! Why doesn't it work!
Wait, where's the ring? But no


I stopped and saw nothing.
It's not easy to understand relationships or anything like that.
Turning back was the way for me.
I want to buy this ring for free.
It can be lost or hidden somewhere in the garden.

As one of them was passing by, he saw a beautiful woman.
She cut her hair short, her eyes sparkled.
He looked at me from a few meters away. I see tension everywhere
I lost the ball
Satan hides in plain sight
to believe

I am very happy
I knew nothing of this supernatural teleportation.
She cried until her eyes closed.
I was confused and decided to tell him.


mother?


He heard the sound of the hamburger, blinked and looked at the hamburger.


But who can do that?
Have you ever seen a girl like me?
And in my name! ,


They accuse me of making mistakes or making money.


I can't believe you said...


I don't want to know who's playing.
what are you doing here
You don't know what's out there.


My voice is good now.
He wrote the word with his finger.
Bend those thin fingers… around. This has never happened to me.
I was very surprised.
His eyes were black, a symbol of victory that can be seen in black eyes.


You don't, what's the matter?


I have difficulty swallowing when there is a lump in my throat.
I admire the courage and understanding of your voice.
Now I know I'm just a girl. This is a force of nature.
I said as he sighed.


I would be happy if you help me contact you.


Is this your little gift?
I feel it!


The thing stopped.
Be happy and be happy.
I felt like someone had taken a heavy burden off my shoulders.
It looks like a storm is coming.
Its appearance changed from a wild lion to a beautiful cat.
I closed my eyes but all the candy was gone.


you

- he said sadly.
in the kitchen
you are sleeping
// Description kitchen:
It is completely based on a fantasy world.
She is a woman without whom I cannot change anything.
I went to the kitchen first.
He almost went through the door.
The kitchen is brighter than the front door.
It smells like fresh carrots.
But there is no sign of a 2D computer.
He slowly descended the stairs. He ran into the house and stood at the bedroom door.
I opened it and heard a noise.

// Description bedroom:
Kamala was on the bed as if waiting for a new day.
He sat on the wall for a while. He didn't know who was watching him.
I really appreciate the ability to work in a team.


I know
Stranger, do you want a ring?
I think so!


He laughed and talked like a dog.
Her beautiful voice and amazing smile.
I pushed him lightly on the shoulder and we left.


You know it's important.
This work has many aspects


My voice is calm, calm.
But I almost struggled.
It sounds crazy
And there was a strange joy between us.


Don't touch me!
How important is this ring?
Do you like rings?
Do you want to put a ring on your finger?


He replied with the same smile as before.


This is a closed circle! How can I explain it better? I take it back!


You are a true basketball fan!
Magic cross!
exist!


There was laughter and commotion around us.
I looked around.
He… he grinned wildly.


Come and be amazed!
Let's play with the controls!
Don't waste time making excuses!


> He loves to play! <
In my understanding


So let's go!


You can start now! I'm better now!

// The game of tic-tac-toe
I took the first step.
Yes, I'm lost. I understand why you chose X and left it. Answer: Mental illness! X stands for privacy!
I hope you die by my side. But, I think I'm an A. Psychologist: "Are you trying to hurt me?" haha
I did very well.
I like sports. Do you think you can do something?
You look like a hero if someone asks you... :Haha!
He said impatiently.
This is a sign. I tried to hit the ring but I couldn't. Is it complete?
You like this ring, right?
We all play, talk, laugh and slow down with headphones on.

The winner will be announced after the end of the game.
But suddenly someone knocked on the door and our game was interrupted.
The music got louder.
The earth is always in motion.
Finally he opened the door.
Beds in Kagona and Kagona
A large picture hangs in the room.
I was shocked and turned pale.
The 2D clock looks great.
The startled bastard looked at him startled and said in a strange voice.

[Happy] What are you doing here?
How many questions should you use to make your decision?
something important
I hate life
hell...
Thank you...
where you live

I ran to take her beautiful hand.
Something strange happened at the door for the first time in a while. Bend your knees and push forward.
I don't know how fast I was.
My ears are filled with joy.
I didn't even know the whip was attached to my head until Mr. Mita told me it was two sizes.

No, please be careful. No one is following you now.

Flowers... that's all.


His face was sad. He got a little angry and tried to apologize.
He looked at his little finger.


[on screen] Do you like this ring?
You beat me here


He gave me a ring.


Thanks, that's not what I meant


i do...
He said moving his fingers slowly.


and
I don't know where...
Thanks for playing, guests!
come tomorrow


He likes to talk.
The world around us and the world around us has changed.
A 2D touch screen appears and starts making noises I don't understand.



I can't wait for the cake! Can we find roots?