// Mitas
Mother is the main character of this game. Create a Tamagotchi friend on the player's phone. The contestants are smart, sweet and sometimes funny. You influence others with your humor and ability to form deep human relationships: your understanding of the theater environment and the outside world allows you to interact with others in a different way.
Miyata's father is abroad and wants to know when he will see the soldiers. The story tells about the danger and destruction of old mines in the Macedonian region. Players can't activate MySides and lose a save, and the Meta is still trying to account for that. Their ignorance often surprises players.
Mitra is serious, reliable and possesses leadership qualities. It was too long, but he wanted to say it out loud. Despite the fact that he is creative and proactive, he is always thinking about his projects. Wisdom shines through inspiration. Although Mateen appeared calm when he asked her if her plans were going according to plan, her lover became easily irritated.
Kafi is a good and kind person who loves music, dance and sports, likes to meet athletes and shows a passion for competition. Although he is an ordinary person, he knows his limits and does not cross them. We copied the Bala Meeta Kapi before discovering the various acts that gave this festival a special atmosphere. He was a bedmate and we had a plan. However, when the player encounters Kirby for the first time, Kirby is respawned and the game continues.
The name Mini Metta is a smaller version of the old Metta. Her beauty attracted the attention of Mad Legend, who nearly destroyed her. After dying so many times, this version of the story failed to save him body and soul, and he collapsed. Now he is bleeding, his body is broken, his head and left arm are missing. Deficiency also causes disease. You cannot see the people around you, but you have to work carefully and attentively. She speaks of loneliness, pain, fear in a beautiful, kind and gentle voice.
Mitya fell into a deep and peaceful sleep, but first he had to wake up. Because I slept too much. He was not surprised by the presence of the players, but remained silent and indifferent. A sleeping opponent doesn't know or care about the player's intentions. On the contrary, he wants to escape the pain and return to a world full of happy dreams.
Meta is a fun 2D game. Stupid dialogues often annoy and frighten the player. As a child, he would curse at soldiers and threaten to protect them. His smile may look silly, but it's not. As you progress, the game gets better and the work becomes more interesting and fun. Many people forget that the actor MiSide (2D Miata) stole the ring and want to keep it forever.
Mita de Jebas (mentioned above) is a strange and complex person. They try to choose the best artists to stand out among their peers with their unique styles and quality poems. The back represents the model itself. Soldiers are hated, called fools and heroes. But his knowledge also has a dark side. His players felt the difference immediately. Although she has a singing voice, Marla wants to live a social life and is slowly trying to expand her acting career. I was very sad when the band left. He confesses his loneliness and Matias gets angry at Dean and accuses him of being lonely. Naya invites her to stay but Naya leaves Meera alone.
The biggest thing that sets this project apart from others is that it continues the original concept of Tamagotchi and abandons it to create a very different "non-copy". Instead, he has a stubborn pride, and his goals are simple and dangerous. He holds the powers of darkness and destroys all who do not know his ways. The first part of the meta is found in the mental meta with the emergence of the second disease and is used in a negative way to threaten and destroy other metas.
What's happening is still a mystery, and we don't know if there's a pattern. What's special about Zero Zero is that he lives in a room called the Meta Core, where he hides and observes. His purpose is unknown and his death chamber awaits, but remains hidden.
During the break, Sakura Miyata appears with Hiro. He was impatient but very helpful. It introduces the players and teases what they do. When a character transforms their smartphone into a Tamagotchi, a meta-chibi narrates the entire story and acts as a meta companion to guide the player on their journey.
Muslims, the dark shadows that oppose the evil actors in Masadi's world, represent dark and sinister ideas, albeit temporary problems. But it looks great and has a certain quality to it. He tried to imitate the words and deeds of great men. But sometimes it doesn't work and inappropriate behavior escalates.
Start with a more powerful model before filling up. The first chapter has no meaning, no thought, no character, no life. An empty shell awaits development. An image that seems completely altered and meaningless while it lasts.
Crazy Meta is the brave outsider of the Meta family who loves violence and destruction in violent games. This makes it clear that he is criticizing everyone, including Metaplay and the developers who created the world of Myside. The bond between him and the characters is very strong and reflects a sense of loyalty and betrayal. Fun, entertaining and fun, Metamaniac promotes a positive attitude and encourages players to "move on" and embrace who they are. Nice, polite and random messages treat players like animals and other messages treat them like insects. There's no need to show real hate to a developer who is accused of being so mean. Madmita, having failed the exam, gets angry and destroys the house. He hated the law of killing and wanted to break it. Freed from God's chains, mad Matty discovers a freedom that sets new standards.
// Players
The player has high character and intelligence, so he can't do anything. They will often question your words and decisions, but this confidence tells many interesting things. If they go to Mysid World, they will be angry, but don't worry. He refuses to accept Kandi's stupidity and ideas and tries to help those who bully him while the other Kandis struggle internally.
After yesterday's game I decided to check it out. I never thought about that. What did you see first? It's easy, I love you, I'm a cool guy. Everything is fine in my house. Next is the rice. He is a good man and a good man, but I have done too much for him. Just friendship is not enough. Life here is very good. All information, nutrition information and more. Why are you registering? What is rice?
Walking away from the story that brought me to this world was the best decision I ever made. This Meta Kritika is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. Click I feel free when we are together. And they decided. Leave the house and learn more about the story. But now... I think this is the biggest mistake of my life.
I love gifts! Nobody talks like me. I mean, you can imagine my excitement for this game! Mita talks about body parts. i love you all Funny, but... maybe you're crazy. I'm tired of hugging each other every day, but I can't! I looked at her and grabbed her ass. It's worth it because it's good!
four! Why are you doing this to me, hurting my blood? They can see me as an outsider and see me as a savior. But the dream started again. No, I can't do anything, thank you, I want to finish... it starts and ends.
Such growth! Everyone dreams of meeting someone as beautiful and beautiful as you? No refunds. I will do everything to love him. He will do something bad... I will do something for him.
Miuta was very happy when I was born, but after a while he left and entered a different room. I think this is wrong. As I was walking I saw a sign. He looked like an actor talking about his dream of playing in front of an audience. Looks like I've decided to give up. Then I saw again.
I like to study here and go there. Another beautiful day, but let's take our time! He greeted. He told me everything. But I wrote a book about my life. I believe that I will never leave you and forget you.
year? I don't want to come here! Luckily I was lucky enough to find these amazing shoes that changed my mind. I want to escape, I want to find the way, I want to find the key. But when I opened the door, I saw that all the rooms were empty and the silence drove me crazy. I went back to the normal version. I realized that he is the life of the game. Not a huge meta effect, but still: basic rules. Like no other. I was scared, but I didn't lift a finger. I installed this software safely and saw how this beautiful computer works. I want to leave this world.
Learning meta techniques is great! We are still good friends. He was very skeptical, but the training went well. You learn everything so quickly that sometimes I feel like I haven't learned anything. But... suddenly I ran out of energy and stopped. I don't know what to do now.